Cross chain tutorial small tweaks (#531)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/tutorials/cross-chain-tutorial.md

Governance contract was successfully deployed at 0xf28Df77fa8ff56cA3084bd11c1CAF5033A7b8C4A
```

> Save the address to be used in a later step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the address to use in a later step.
```

Author: 👍  changed
